# Tennis Game

This Tennis Game KATA is being implemented in Java with Maven and JUnit following TDD (Test Driven Development) approach. It is a program which takes the player names and player points as input and returns the score for the tennis game. 
Here tennis game has been condensed into a set where there are 4 possible scores for a player:

0-Love

1-Fifteen

2-Thirty

3-Forty

If both players have same score then it is represented as [Player Score] All. Eg. Love All, Thirty All as long as no player exceeds 2 points. The first player to score 4 points with a lead of 2 or more points wins the same. There are two exceptional score scenarios also possible in a game:

Deuce - Both players score same number of points and their points are greater than or equal to 3 (score:Forty).

Advantage - Player points are greater than or equal to 3 and one player leads by a single point.The leading player has the advantage.

Eg. If first player has 5 points and second player has 6 points, the game score will be Advantage second player.

## Prerequisities:

1. Java - Version 1.6 or higher
2. Maven - Dependency management
3. JUnit - Version 4.12 (added in pom.xml)
4. Eclipse or any other IDE which supports Java (optional)

## Running The Tests:

### From Command Prompt:

Download project as zip file and unzip the same to a folder. Open a command prompt and goto the project(extracted) folder and 
execute below commands.

```bash
mvn clean

mvn install
```

After completion of above steps, test report will be available in below path.

#### <PROJECT_ROOT_FOLDER>\target\surefire-reports\TEST-com.bnpp.kata.tennisgame.TennisGameTest.xml

### From Eclipse Using JUnit:

Download project as zip file and unzip the same to a folder. 
In eclipse Go to 

```bash
File -> Import -> select Existing Maven Project option -> Next -> Browse extracted folder and Finish
```

Then right click on the project in Project Explorer window and select
 
```bash
Run As -> Maven install
```

Once above steps done open <b>TennisGameTest</b> class and right click file and choose Run As -> JUnit Test

## Running The Application:

### Using Main Class:

After successful maven build go to <PROJECT_ROOT_FOLDER>\target\classes and execute below command

```bash
java -classpath .\ com.bnpp.kata.tennisgame.TennisGameRunner FirstPlayerName FirstPlayerScore SecondPlayerName SecondPlayerScore
```

Here FirstPlayerName,FirstPlayerScore,SecondPlayerName,SecondPlayerScore are the four parameters which must be passed.

Eg: 

```bash
java -classpath .\ com.bnpp.kata.tennisgame.TennisGameRunner John 2 Andrew 4
```

The scorecard for the tennis game will be displayed.

### Using jar file generated by Maven:

After running maven install through command prompt/eclipse application jar file will be created in below location

```bash 
<PROJECT_ROOT_FOLDER>\target\tennis-game-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

Navigate to this path in command prompt and execute the below command 

```bash
java -jar tennis-game-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar FirstPlayerName FirstPlayerScore SecondPlayerName SecondPlayerScore
```

Here FirstPlayerName,FirstPlayerScore,SecondPlayerName,SecondPlayerScore are the four parameters which must be passed.

Eg:

```bash
java -jar tennis-game-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar John 2 Andrew 4
```
The scorecard for the tennis game will be displayed.
